PERSON1 and PERSON7 are discussing how to train a Czech ASR for PERSON2's paper on EMNLP. PERSON2 suggests using Flask and a Python queue to create a queue for multiple users to fill in the ASR. He also suggests using speech recognition as an audio stream for 200 milliseconds for translation, but PERSON1 is not sure how to handle it.
PERSON1 and PERSON2 discuss the difficulty of writing data structures in C++ and Python. They agree that it would be fine to use C++ or Python, but it is not as easy as it used to be. They also mention that the data structures are easier now, but the assignment is still quite difficult. PERSON2 also mentions that he had a lot of assignments last year, including 12 or 10 code assignments.
PERSON1 and PERSON2 are discussing the assignments in PERSON9's Deep Learning course. PERSON1 mentions that PERSON9 is crazy about the assignments and suggests that he should reserve the whole semester for PERSON9's courses. PERSON2 mentions that he is working on automatic evaluation for compression, but PERSON7 does not know if it is just a new thing. He also mentions that the COMET metric for translation is highly correlated with latency, and that his purpose is to change the translation model so that it gets lower when it is translated. He is trying to get a lower latency for translation.
PERSON7 and PERSON2 are discussing the data set they are using to compress and compress. PERSON7 has found a data set for a compression data set with five levels of compression and human-annotated translations. PERSON2 suggests that a slightly lower quality is fine as long as the fluency is good and the translation does not lose any information. He does not speak German, but he can provide English-Chinese and English-Japanese if it helps. He also mentions that the language of interest for him is IWLST.
PERSON7 and PERSON2 are discussing the idea of text compression for machine translation. They discuss how much the length of the sentence contributes to the sentence presentation and how different languages have different pace. PERSON2 suggests that Germans need more words in general and more letters in general to describe the same thing, but English has more words for different things. They also mention that German has a special word for happiness and a concatenation of four different words. They agree that it is an interesting study.
PERSON7 and PERSON2 are discussing the retranslating system for IWLSLT. PERSON2 suggests focusing on extreme low latency to make the text more humanly readable and to avoid flicker flickering. He also suggests that the system should be forced to output every time or almost every time to make it fluent. He suggests that if the system cannot work, then it should be developed with extra information.
