i'm working on 3 languages polish and polish, german, russian.
polish is not in the level in the last [PROJECT1] cds.
i hope, that there will be a resistent answer soon..
eh, i don't think that this is a big problem.
i think that we'll just make sure that in the project, there is no promise on this.
text to speech doesn't add so much information to the text, in fact..
eh eh integration should translate from single speech signal into many target languages.
eh meetings eh done remotely among the [ORGANIZATION4] delivery sai institute.
eh, in a very baseline solution, can be just the web page with autorefresh laugh> eh..
at least one event per project (a) year should be very important.
in the first year, there should be at least one dry-run workshop.
in the second year, there definitely should be the main congress..
"we're quite on the safe side to say that will have one dry run, one main and then two follow-up experiments" "personm": "i've understood that from what i've heard from your colleagues, "it's mainly these workshop-style sessions that the congress is with plenary sessions is something too to show off".
the [other4] language is the one where we perform better.
the [other4] asr model can vary from eh three to six month person months for maximum.
the [other4] asr model can also be performed on the on a at the [other4] parliament..
"it's totally acceptable to have three or six person months there," says emma.
emma: "it's not one of the big languages of [ORGANIZATION4] but it's still one of the official languages" "it's a pity not to prioritize any non primary language over the other," says emma..
for each re-speaker, we will ask them to sit a certain number of hours and read aloud.
the more the data the (most) effect that the adaptation has, so it's eh always eh.
four hours to adapt to each of the other speakers, like eh some re-speakers..
acoustic model for the language is used to estimate the full duration of a conference.
if you ask a person to speak for one hour, it's probably good to put here two hours.
if you say four, then i actually expect than i don't get more than three hours of the recording..
acoustic model will be given to or provided eh to the project by [other1] radio.
eh, my final suggestion in regarding the adaptation is to be able to collect real eh re-speaking sessions in order to also be able to model not only the voice, but also the way it is..
all the teams, who-.
other_unrecognisable speech> add the needs for [other3], french, a a as well eh.
if [ORGANIZATION5] or your would like to have more data for [other3], then enter this here eh..
re-speakers will have to be able to use a specific headset in order to be sure.
we will also have to set up the local infrastructure for publishing.
if we have re-speakers, they have to use a specific headset in order to be sure..
the last bit is the missing text parts, and i think it's probably more efficient if we just say goodbye and everybody will spend the remaining fifteen minutes in writing and writing.
the publishing platform is for the minutes, that's like the, eh, or wha- wha- that's task 6..
integration of multi target empty engine should definitely include us and [ORGANIZATION1], i guess.
at [ORGANIZATION9] congress, eh everybody should eh eh be there, i think.
i think that will probably promise reports only..
a prototype of unintelligible> systems was found months before the end of the project.
"we had to find a prototype a couple of months before the end of the project" "i'm not a hundred percent sure like eh whether all the prototypes should be deliverables".
