PERSON2 and PERSON3 are discussing the meeting meeting at the ORGANIZATION1. PERSON1 is at the office and is waiting for PERSON3 to join, but he is not answering the call. PERSON3 has missed the call and PERSON1 will translate the last mail for them, which is a czech text. They have to replan everything now.
PERSON1 and PERSON3 are discussing the proposal for a satellite event for a spoken language technology workshop. They discuss the need to follow the same criteria as other special sessions and the timelines for the submission of papers. They also discuss the possibility of doing both a shared task at sick dial and submitting a proposal for the next conference. They agree that it is better to submit two papers, one for the satellite event and one for a full fledged workshop, as it gives them more flexibility and freedom to choose their event or accept papers from the Proceedings of Intra Speech. However, they also need to figure out how to make sure the participants are not deterred from submitting their own papers.
PERSON3 and PERSON1 are discussing the organizational points of their proposal for their workshop. PERSON3 explains that they have to take institutional membership to submit the proposal to the ORGANIZATION2 workshop application portal and that they need to contact Andre and Hero to discuss the proposal content. PERSON1 has no idea about the administrative plans for the workshop, but PERSON3 suggests asking PERSON4.
PERSON3 and PERSON1 are discussing a paper published in 1964 by noise-Linguistics. PERSON1 is not interested in all the points of the paper, but he has published it once or twice. PERSON2 has read a lot of papers about machine translation in his researcheration, but it depends on the participants.
PERSON2 and PERSON3 discuss the possibility of doing a machine translation corpus linguistics and morphologies workshop in Texas. They decide to go for sigdial, as the proceedings would be indexed with ethylanthology. PERSON1 suggests that sigdial is better than interspeech workshop, as it has less work and more intensive output. PERSON3 suggests that they should look at where the proceedings are indexed to see if there is any specific charge for the journals.
PERSON3 and PERSON2 discuss the proposal for the satellite event. PERSON2 offers to help with some potential things, but PERSON3 reminds him to do double work. They agree to meet tomorrow and say goodbye.
