But, ehm, the Czech republic government, they already lifted the-



Kind of lifted the rules. So, ehm, from this Monday we can actually go out even if it's not like the necessity. I know that nobody knows so litheraly if will be able to travel somewhere, and it looks like that it will be just online meeting. We haven't decided who will be our internal review person for any of them. And if it's not your deliverable and you would like to read it just tell me. (PERSON16) Okay, I would be happy to do the review <unintelligible>. So I think that that that (little) should be like cross reviewed between [ORGANIZATION3] and us. So we should review what they wrote and they should review what we wrote. (PERSON8) So, [PERSON11], write yourself as the reviewer and -



(PERSON11) So I will put here [PERSON11] plus [PERSON3]. (PERSON11) I'm -



(PERSON8) I think that will be checked an update. There is another meeting happening and I can't answer him now -. They will select a subset of files which have the require set of languages. And I have [PERSON12] [PERSON12] just should be really of like of coordinating annotators. Uh, so that they would review them, because he is very slow, and he is also not soliciting new links from them. And if it's the machine translation test set then it's the standard (poll) think, ideally documents. So it needs to some still some clarification, like how do we like name the files. And with this (fine graph) the result of the set of files that that you can test on. (PERSON8) So that would be a nice extension of sacrebleu, so that we could like add like FLAC to sacrebleu [PROJECT1] test set and then the the file list name uh, and it would do automatical downloaded and it would put the commit ID the current commit ID into the fingerprint. (PERSON1) Yeah, and I, I have observed that Max apps test sets really quickly to sacrebleu. (PERSON8) And so so the I think it would be better to kind of avoid forks, because then the versioning is is confused. But I'm totally agree that the public use of these test sets, the should be limited to few of those. And I think that the file list are the concept to use for this. I just mean this kind of approach is very useful cause it makes it very easy. And I know that's you just have some test sets you run you run whatever. So SLTF does include delay and latency and and also the well the wasted effort. But maybe we would really force everyone to submit time stamp information. (PERSON15) I mean, so used that's for lock former time stamps <unintelligible>. (PERSON8) Yes, this is exactly what we did for these for desirability to tasks it. So we try to be very clear about like this is the time when the the award was starting to be authored. And this is the time when its ASR was available like printed on the screen for the user. Eh, so so the so the the one people misinterpret it then someone's results can be like shifted in bad ways. You remember that some at the several months ago of of I suggested that you can ask your students and and [PERSON10] said that well we cannot expect volunteers eeh possibly paid volunteers or non-paid volunteers that that makes some different, but not to it to to just do slavery task on the data. But for now, I prefer, especially because is this kind of obscure languages. I prefer to find people who actually speak them, and I preferred them to to find the related data sets. Then indeed, we will ask the people to find these text monolingually and translated maybe back to Czech. But it's the it's more reliable with respect the domain of interest. (PERSON1) In in terms of finding the translation I mean we and [PERSON9] maybe can (comment). (PERSON1) We assume that Irish was not huge priority for the project, um. (PERSON11) Okay, there is one more point and we promised half hour call so. (PERSON8) Yes, with this is that the finishes, the set of feel free to step in, and whatever you can do for [PERSON12] that will help us then the next person when [PERSON12] is still not like woken up is [PERSON6] who is now finishing the overview of the audible SLT test set. But I I need someone to to make sure that these things happen. Um, I mean we only tested this simulator ASR which talking this morning about trying to get more testing the ASR. Yeah, if you're doing retranslation you're never going to be up to completely make it stable without actually messing up the end performs. I think that in the long term I would like this to be evaluated on humans towards the end of the project we we we would really have like user study that would be great to to see which, and I think there will be people of different groups. I mean, yeah, <unintelligible> it's whether we see it as a priority or not. (PERSON8) So ehmm -



(PERSON1) I mean immediately end and say ou, we should retranslations a terrible idea. We do get a partial sentences, but I don't think the hypothesis updated as much. German to English say, you don't know the verb is <unintelligible> in the sentence predictor wrongly, or you could just wait, but maybe that's bad to. (PERSON1) So why I wonder this when you could to look what interpreters do. Obviously, asking all the partners to have their systems ready. (PERSON13) We learn about <unintelligible> quit couple of proposal in the <unintelligible>. So like these are the time slots, which we are like offering. (PERSON13) So we will, we will learn set up the Doodle, send it to <unintelligible> in both partners. And and a question is, what should be the material that we are that we are subtitling. (PERSON8) I think it could be some low like French watching session. <laugh> 



(PERSON1) I'm not worrying about this, they have the same process on subtitling. And from German into English and from English into all the languages, TEDx talk. And that would be towards the end of the the next week, we should be ready for that.