PERSON3 and PERSON4 discuss the ACL paper and the automatic metrics they are using for translation. They discuss the possibility of using adversarial evaluation to improve the reproducibility of the system, but PERSON4 suggests that it does not work as well as the regular approach that already works. They also discuss the experiments they have done with the European dataset, and PERSON3 suggests that the manual evaluation of the model is more accurate than the baseline.
PERSON4 and PERSON3 are discussing how to extract terminology from the European test set and the Czech training data. PERSON4 suggests using a terminal database and dataset to look up bilingual vocabulary, and general domain tranlation to pick general, rare words from a bilingual dictionary. He has already tried to use the robot, but it did not work. PERSON3 suggests trying to pick terms from a vocabulary database that is completely out of vocabulary regarding their training data, but PERSON4 is not sure how many of the terms are also present in the Czech data.
PERSON6 and PERSON3 are discussing the dataset corpus for the Portugese language model. PERSON6 has found more papers and is trying to find a model to translate from Portuguese to English so they can have the papers in Portuguese also translated. He has found around 200 abstracts so far, but it is a small number and he is looking for a second list of papers. PERSON1 suggests that PERSON6 contact someone in Brazil to find more data about other conferences. PERSON6 agrees and suggests that PERSON7 should contact PERSON7 about the English Portuguese data. He also mentions that PERSON1 has not yet responded to his email about the Brazilian papers.
PERSON1 and PERSON3 are discussing the possibility of using style transfer data for English Czech. PERSON1 is not sure if they have any reference data for this, but PERSON3 suggests that they could focus on a particular sub-part of the PROJECT1 test set and use a synonymous constraint to enforce the gender of the speaker in the translation. He also mentions that Matous is doing an experiment with English Czech, but they do not have any sentence compression data. He suggests that PERSON1 should ask Rudolf Rosa if he has ever generated such a dataset. PERSON3 also suggests that the data set should be organized in a document and should include links to the test set.
PERSON1 and PERSON3 are discussing the data for Bles core evaluation. They discuss using the WMT 20 testsuite markables by PERSON2 for specific terms evaluation and the English Portuguese data from PERSON8. PERSON6 will help with the navigation and PERSON3 suggests having a call about the data next week after the school. PERSON5 is busy with annotation work for the University of USFD and is also doing anotation for Sheffield.
