PERSON3 and PERSON4 are going to be in a meeting. Mike will join them in about twenty minutes. The task is difficult. Felix has written some TD RF based keyword extractor, but it gave horrible results.
The summarizers give bad results for meeting data. The deadline for the subm submission deadline is January 15th. Interspeech special session is an integral part of the program and it will be run as a parallel task.
PERSON3, PERSON4, PERSON7 and PERSON4 are going to create a scientific commission to handle paper reviews for SIGDial.
The conference was in September, the paper submission was in May, June, July, August, September, and now it's in July. The deadline for the shared task is in four months. Interspeech is easier. SIGDial is probably like what PROJECT2 is saying.
PERSON3, PERSON7 and PERSON4 agree that the deadline for papers for special session papers for WMT is in March. Interspeech satellite event is in June. In MT marathons the deadline is in May.
PERSON7 is worried about Interspeech. If they don't get into the proceedings, they will apply for SIGDial, but they also have the option of separate proceedings for PBML. If someone doesn't have their paper ready by the deadline, they can send it to
SIGDial is presenting at the Interspeech satellite event on March 15th. They are listed as a participant in the shared tasks. They need to prepare the proposal for both Interspech and PBML. They have to apply for the ORGANIZATION7 membership
PERSON7 will go to Interspeech for three sixty five days. The package costs two hundred fourty euros for package A, whereas package B costs twenty euros for one year. If one has the ORGANIZATION7 membership, they will get reduced fee sessions at In
The registration for ORGANIZATION7 is sufficient for Interspeech application. The organisation needs to prepare the website, call for papers on the website and make up website. The organization needs to set up the best set up of the web page and browse for projects.
PERSON3, Arion and PERSON7 want to learn from PERSON8's work. They need to run the code on their data to see how it performs. 
PERSON7 shared the evaluation metrics that was run on one of their dry run minuting data a few weeks ago. They need to have quite a bit of the data available in January and all the data that they want available in March. The data also has to go to the anonym
PERSON3, PERSON6 and PERSON7 are preparing their own automatic metric. They have to split the training and development part of the meeting into three parts: the training part, the development part and the final test part. There are some semantic level metrics, like bird score, sentence
According to the minute, minute five is the gold standard for summarizing the minutes. The other minutes are submitted by the participants. The evaluation of the minutes will be done by weekend. VIM is a better summarization method.
(PERSON6) has just implemented a system for meeting summarization from the ORGANIZATION3 paper. The system produced short summaries. The authors of the paper did not provide their code, so Person6 had to implement it himself. Person3 wants Person6 to contact
PERSON3 wants to make a timeline for the data preparation, share it with PERSON7 and PERSON10. Some files will probably not make it to the release. The alignments are useful for the evaluation, but they are less important for the participants.
PERSON3 made a mistake and disappeared from the conversation. People will finish it and discuss it with PERSON7 and PERSON10.