PERSON6 is having trouble connecting to PERSON2 and PERSON11. He then reconnects to PERSON8 and leaves the meeting. PERSON6 explains that he was in a call until the very last minute and his machine crashed, so he had to restart it. PERSON6 then asks PERSON7 to start the call in the opposite order from last week and explains that PERSON1 was one of those who had some microphone issues.
PERSON1 and PERSON6 are discussing the transcripts for the German subtitle user study. PERSON11 suggests that PERSON1 ask PERSON11 to do the transcripts of by German ASR. PERSON6 suggests that they could use the tutorial from the NLP project for the upcoming sessions to train the system to do offline subtitling. PERSON11 explains that they can use sequence to sequence models to process the entire input sentence and then generate the output sentence. He also mentions that some files are still having weird output, but for most folders, it should be fine.
PERSON6 and PERSON11 discuss the possibility of implementing speech translation strategies in PERSON3. PERSON6 suggests that PERSON13 from the PROJECT1 could be a candidate, but they don't have any other candidates. PERSON4 is trying to gather data from the PROJECT2 talks to prepare for the two setups. PERSON4 will work on it tomorrow and will be able to run concurrent tests on Monday. PERSON6 also suggests having a Zoom call with PERSON2, PERSON4 and PERSON8 to discuss the sessions for the next week.
PERSON6 and PERSON4 are discussing how to prepare two concurrent YouTube videos for a Zoom Test for YouTube videos at the same time. PERSON6 suggests using two separate pipelines on Friday and updating each of the pipelines on Monday for the two different domain adaptations. PERSON8 has access to his engage, but has not set up his account yet, so he will complete it today. PERSON6 will provide PERSON8 with the presentations and PERSON4 will provide the link to the CL video.
PERSON6 and PERSON8 are discussing the evaluation of leader test sets. PERSON8 is having issues with converting videos into a 16 cave format. PERSON6 suggests that PERSON10 should do it, and that every time they run the evaluation, there should be a fresh download of the conversion and a fresh evaluation.
PERSON6 and PERSON4 discuss the ASR system and the multiple dictionaries. They also discuss the graphic model and the CMU list.
PERSON2 is finishing training a German ASR for time stamping on Libry Speech. He is hopeful that it will be good enough, but there are still some serious errors in the ASR output. PERSON6 suggests that PERSON8 should focus on getting the numbers for the different models and PERSON8 should prepare to have the double system running. PERSON1 suggests using the language model and forced alignment for the fantast set for around 100 hours. PERSON6 then suggests that PERSON10 and PERSON1 discuss the numbers separately and decide on Monday to compare the CLUP numbers.
PERSON8 and PERSON1 are discussing the quality and latency of the ASR and MT workers. PERSON10 joins the conversation and mentions that the rainbow MT models had better scores. PERSON8 then leaves the call and has lunch.
PERSON11 and PERSON1 are discussing a problem with the output of the ASR. PERSON11 is having trouble converting the files to the correct format, because FFMPEG does not support the format. PERSON1 suggests using soxi and running 100 workers in parallel on one machine. PERSON11 agrees and suggests that everyone should open the files in Sx and find the Sx command.
PERSON1 and PERSON2 are discussing the German ASR for a project. PERSON2 is continuously saving checkpoints so he can already run the ASR. PERSON1 will send an email to PERSON2 to provide him with a language model to train the interpreters. PERSON11 suggests asking the annotator if the transcription work helped, and if not, they don't need to care about the rest. They focus on PERSON2's high quality on the others.
PERSON4 and PERSON2 are discussing how to convert IPA phonemes to alphabet phoneme. PERSON4 suggests using a package that automatically converts the IP to alphabet the other way around, but there are some IP formats that are not in alphabet. PERSON2 suggests substituting a phoneme with another one, but PERSON4 is not sure if it is possible. He then shares a link to a chart in Wikipedia that shows the nearest phonemees to the nearest one.
