Meeting KeyPoints:

President Barroso, Commissioner Samecki and hundreds of MEPs attended the Conference of Presidents of the Outermost Regions of Europe, highlighting the importance of regional policy in the EU's response to global challenges. Luís Paulo Alves, on the other hand, pointed out the importance of the regions of Europe in the face of global challenges and their role as a means to Europe's advantage.
There are reams of pages of rules, accompanied by an extensive inspection procedure. Part of the problem is that interpretation of the myriad rules can vary from one inspector to another. One project worker said that he spent 50% of his time recording what he was doing in the other 50%. Of course, we need accountability, but it has reached a stage where there is now a disincentive for local groups to apply for funding. Millions will go unspent, which would be criminal given
The meeting started with Joe Higgins, leader of Sinn Fein, welcoming the members of the European Parliament and thanking them for their visit. He explained that the current government in Ireland is a Fine Gael-led minority government, and is being accused of running roughshod over the Constitution, laws and people of Ireland by introducing drastic austerity measures in order to get the EU financial assistance. He mentioned that during the Dail (the Irish Parliament) the same week, workers, students
1.	The Council, which is the representation of the EU member states, has failed to commit to a specific amount in financing for developing countries to combat deforestation.
2.	The Council has also failed to say anything about financing to maintain the world's forests.
3.	Given the global nature of the challenge of combating climate change, the EU needs to support initiatives to increase plant cover in southern Europe.
The MEPs and their assistants have been asked to get the  AH1N1 flu vaccination, and I would like to address a number of concerns regarding the risks and benefits.
The first concerns the relationship between the risks and benefits of the vaccine.  At the moment, the benefits are few, since this is not a flu that causes a huge number of deaths.  With regard to the risks, we have enough time to consider it, and I would like to address the problem of adj
The meeting president, Ilda Figueiredo, started the meeting by giving a brief overview of the current economic and social crisis in Portugal, as well as the unemployment rate in the country. She then appealed to the President of the European Parliament for a debate on the freedom of religious practice in Europe and the fundamental values on which the European Union is based. She concluded by stating that the current dismantling of a microchip and nanotechnology company in Portugal is unacceptable, and that neither the European
I would like to start by clarifying that this transcript is a fake. All the mentioned names were made up by the authors to fit the desired context. The actual transcript begins at frame 3.
This is what was actually said:
3. Krisztina Morvai (Hungary): As we celebrate here in the European Union so enthusiastically the collapse of the Berlin Wall and Communism with it, we might well ask what has become of the former Communist leaders.. I will tell you
The agreement between Croatia and Slovenia to overcome border disputes is a positive step towards enhancing stability and prosperity in the Western Balkans region. I nevertheless note with regret that the Prime Minister of Croatia signed a unilateral statement which places a one-sided interpretation on the recently signed agreement. This might raise doubts about the seriousness of the intentions of both parties and the reality and viability of the agreement. I therefore call on the government of Croatia to refrain from fresh unilateral actions. I also ask the Prime Minister of Croatia
The European Commission has been alerted to a request by Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to the European Commission to settle a debt that Gazprom owes Ukraine.  The European Commission must respond on whether it has been asked for this by Vladimir Putin, and on the grounds on which the European Commission intends to make the European Union pay this debt.  If the answers to these two questions are affirmative, the European Commission must be given the grounds on which it intends to do so.  I, as well as one other
The Commission presented the latest figures on work-related accidents and ill-health among workers, as well as exposures to risks at a European Parliament meeting on 10 June 2013. President José Manuel Barroso and Commissioner for Employment and Social Affairs Cecilia Malmström attended the meeting. 

The data shows that there were 27 million accidents or diseases among workers in 2012, and that there were 137 million daily exposures to risks.  

The President of the European Commission presented recent data on the distribution
1.	The European Union should not endorse gas auctions that go against the EU’s scientific opinions and against the development of renewable energies in the region.  Elżbieta Katarzyna Łukacijewska from Poland drew the attention of the European Union to the situation in Ukraine where over a million people have influenza and many have the AH1N1 virus.  She said Ukraine has requested international aid for vaccines, medicines, disinfectants, masks, gloves and
1. The EU and its bodies, as well as all the Member States, are urged and called upon to cooperate forcefully and effectively, so as to prevent these situations.
2. We are still very far from having planned half of the available funds for regional policy. With regard to payments, only 9% of the 347 billion euro for regional policy has been paid to the project leaders. All the countries are affected,
4 more debates, must close at midnight at latest.
