1. A Council statement on the situation in Guinea would be placed on
Wednesday's agenda as the second item, following the Council and Commission
statements on the outcome of the referendum in Ireland (item 2 on the final
draft agenda).

2. Motions for resolution to wind up debate on passenger compensation in
the event of airline bankruptcy (item 12 on the final draft agenda): the
vote would take place during the October II part-session.

Parliament accepted these proposals.



                                      
                                      

Request by the PPE Group to withdraw from the agenda the item on freedom of
information in Italy (item 27 on the final draft agenda).

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, who moved the
request, Francesco Enrico Speroni, on behalf of the EFD Group, and Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S-D Group.

Parliament rejected the request by roll-call vote (268 in favour, 284
against, abstentions 18).

The item therefore remained on the agenda.

Request by the PPE Group that the debate on freedom of information in Italy
not be wound up with the tabling of motions for resolution.

The following spoke: Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
against the request, and Mario Mauro, on behalf of the PPE Group, in favour
of the request.

Parliament rejected the request by roll-call vote (286 in favour, 293
against, abstentions 18).

The debate would therefore be wound up by tabling motions for resolution,
which would be put to the vote during the next part-session.

The order of business was thus established.


13. Voting time

Details of voting (amendments, separate and split votes, etc.) appear in
the Results of Votes annex to the minutes.

The results of roll-call votes are available in electronic form only, as an
annex to the minutes, and can be accessed via Europarl.

1 13.1. Setting-up and definition of powers, composition and term of office
of the Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social Crisis
(vote)

Proposal for a decision tabled under Rule 184 by the Conference of
Presidents on setting up a special committee on the financial and economic
crisis, and its powers, numerical composition and term of office (B7-
0079/2009)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

PROPOSAL FOR A DECISION

Adopted (P7_TA(2009)0025)

The following spoke on the vote:

Eva Joly, to move oral amendments to paragraph 1(a) and (b) (both
amendments were rejected as more than 40 Members objected).


14. Explanations of vote

Written explanations of vote:
Explanations of vote submitted in writing under Rule 170 appear in the
Verbatim Report of Proceedings for the sitting.


15. Corrections to votes and voting intentions

Corrections to votes and voting intentions appear on the 'Sance en direct'
website under 'Votes'/'Results of votes'/'Roll-call votes'. They are
published in hard copy in the Result of roll-call votes annex.
The electronic version on Europarl will be regularly updated for a maximum
of two weeks after the day of the vote concerned.
After the two-week deadline has passed, the list of corrections to votes
and voting intentions will be finalised so that it can be translated and
published in the Official Journal.

16. Outcome of the referendum in Ireland (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Outcome of the referendum in Ireland

Fredrik Reinfeldt (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel
Barroso (President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S-D Group, Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Timothy
Kirkhope, on behalf of the ECR Group, Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, Nigel Farage, on behalf of the EFD Group, Andrew Henry
William Brons, Non-attached Member, Fredrik Reinfeldt, Jos Manuel Barroso,
Gay Mitchell, Proinsias De Rossa, Pat the Cope Gallagher, Ulrike Lunacek,
Jan Zahradil, who also answered the question asked under the 'blue card'
procedure by Zoltn Balcz, Bairbre de Brn, Morten Messerschmidt, who also
answered the question asked under the 'blue card' procedure by Proinsias De
Rossa, Francisco Sosa Wagner, Othmar Karas, Hannes Swoboda, who also
answered the question asked under the 'blue card' procedure by Franz
Obermayr (the President read out the provisions of the Rules of Procedure
on the 'blue card' procedure) and Alexander Graf Lambsdorff.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Hlne Flautre, Peter van Dalen, Joe Higgins, who also
answered the question asked under the 'blue card' procedure by Nessa
Childers, Timo Soini, who also answered the question asked under the 'blue
card' procedure by Liisa Jaakonsaari, Csand Szegedi, Marian-Jean Marinescu
(the President recalled the measures applicable to the 'blue card'
procedure), Ramn Juregui Atondo, Andrew Duff, Reinhard Btikofer, Ashley
Fox, Ji? Ma?tlka, Fiorello Provera, Andreas Mlzer, Elmar Brok, Libor
Rou?ek, Olle Schmidt, Miros?aw Piotrowski, Gerard Batten, Martin
Ehrenhauser, Mario Mauro, Wojciech Micha? Olejniczak, Riikka Manner, James
Nicholson, Philip Claeys, igo Mndez de Vigo and Glenis Willmott.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Ryszard Czarnecki, Diane Dodds, Paulo Rangel, Stphane
Le Foll, Simon Busuttil, Adrian Severin, Carlo Casini, Edite Estrela,
Mairead McGuinness, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Lena Barbara Kolarska-Bobi?ska,
Alan Kelly, Damien Abad, Juan Fernando Lpez Aguilar, Anne Delvaux, Zoran
Thaler, Enik? Gy?ri, Ivari Padar, Sen Kelly, Jo Leinen, Jaros?aw Leszek
Wa??sa, Paolo De Castro, Petru Constantin Luhan, Jos Manuel Fernandes,
Mrio David, David Casa, Iuliu Winkler and Diogo Feio.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Csaba Sgor, Ioan
Mircea Pa?cu, igo Mndez de Vigo, John Bufton, Corneliu Vadim Tudor,
Zoltn Balcz and Cristian Dan Preda.

The following spoke: Cecilia Malmstrm (President-in-Office of the
Council).

                         IN THE CHAIR: Libor ROU?EK
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Margot Wallstrm (Vice-President of the Commission).

The debate closed.


17. Situation in Guinea (debate)

Council statement: Situation in Guinea

Cecilia Malmstrm (President-in-Office of the Council) made the statement.

The following spoke: Filip Kaczmarek, on behalf of the PPE Group, Patrice
Tirolien, on behalf of the S-D Group, Niccol Rinaldi, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Eva Joly, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Marie-Christine
Vergiat, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Licia Ronzulli and Isabella Lvin.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Cristian Dan
Preda, Chris Davies and Krisztina Morvai.

The following spoke: Cecilia Malmstrm.

The debate closed.


