Meeting KeyPoints:

The Committee on Budgets' first reflections on the 2009 Preliminary Draft Budget and mandate for the conciliation - Section III - Commission (2008/2025) are as follows:  - We assess the preliminary draft budget with which the Commission has presented us and find much in it to criticise.  - We do not see that the Commission has reflected in the figures the political priorities it formulated itself in its Annual Policy Strategy.  These are priorities that Parliament has vigorously supported, to wit the fight against
1.  We need to do more to support small and medium-sized enterprises to enable them to overcome their economic and financial crisis. 
 2. There must be more support for the European Union’s humanitarian objectives, particularly in the area of food aid, food security and Kosovo, as well as the Western Balkans in general.
 3. There must be more money available for Afghanistan and the fight against terrorism. 
 4. We must avoid having to review the EU’s budget for the
During the meeting, the Commission presented proposals regarding the supplementary financing of short-term measures in developing countries that are struggling to cope with the impact of the rise in food prices. The Commission would establish a 'food fund' for developing countries and propose that funds be used to finance the following: 
•	 financial expenses not included under heading 5;
•	pilot projects and preparatory actions.
- The budget must support food security, increase production, and help farmers in developing countries improve their productivity and quality of life.
- Results-oriented evaluation will convince others that development cooperation is worthwhile.
- The 2009 budget will focus on energy and climate policy, which require substantial new funding.
-   Support for energy efficiency measures should receive a boost.
-   The future financing of EMRES should be secured.
-   The ceiling for the financial framework 2007-2013 for the energy chapter of the seventh framework programme should be raised.
-   The EU should contribute more to research into new energy technologies.
-   The need for more funding for trans-European networks, in particular for passenger rights, should be addressed.
-   More money should be granted for improving
1. The Parliament appreciates the work of the French Presidency in promoting the EU's common budget, and welcomes the increase in the budget.
2. The Parliament regrets that the preliminary draft budget does not take full account of the EU's commitment to the future financing needs of structural policy, and strongly encourages the Commission to present a Draft Multi-Year Budgetary Strategy. 
3. The Parliament welcomes the sum of EUR 1
1. The new budget procedure provides greater clarity, and therefore greater democracy, for citizens.
2. The Council's lack of ambition and systematic nature of the cuts it made to the Commission's preliminary draft budget.
4. By failing to take action on communicating with and informing citizens, the Council is reaping the results of
Madam President, Commissioner, please note that the ALDE Group can fully support this report.
I would like to begin by thanking Mrs Haug for the work she has done on this report.
2009 was a test year for the EU budget. On the one hand, we need to show that the EU budget is effective and that it brings tangible benefits to the citizens of Europe. On the other hand, we need to reduce our deficit in the EU budget. 
The 2009 budget
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to share my astonishment at the Council's reaction to the 2009 budget tabled by the Commission.
The President of the Council, Mr Sarkozy, has just claimed that our budget is in line with what the United States is proposing. Yet we have seen from the response from the Commission that this is not true. We have heard that the European Union uses 1% of the world's GDP for its budget. Yet the reality is that the
- The Council agreed on a tight budget of €146.24 billion for the financial period 2007-2013.
- As a consequence, all the priorities of the EU's agenda for the last five years - including the Lisbon Strategy and climate change - will not be funded.
- In order to compensate for the reduction in the funding of these policies, the CAP will be considerably expanded (at the cost of the agricultural health check) and there will be an additional €11.6 billion for humanitarian
The participants in the meeting agreed that:
- The amount for Cohesion Policy has to be reduced.
- There is a need to continue reduction of expenditure on Competition and Cohesion Policy.
- The current absolute and relative deficits in those areas create uncertainty for citizens.
- The current developments undermine confidence in European Union policies.
1. The EU budget is not equal to the EU's needs and ambitions.
2. This budget does not reflect the EU's political priorities.
I would like to draw Members' attention to the following points:
1. There is nothing against keeping the percentage low, but it must be realistic
2. One of the things we shall have to tackle - as many have already said - is heading 4
3. The amount of funds for commitments in the 2009 budget is 1% of GNI, and just 0.9% of GNI for payments, which means a fall of 3%
4. The funds mentioned under heading 4
The meeting highlighted the following four key priorities for the EU in 2009: high prices, climate change, competitiveness and the environment. The EU budget should build its mandate around these four priorities.  A few words were said about food security, but this should be examined from the perspective of budget principles. Finally, the EU budget should focus on issues relating to migration, such as Frontex and Operation Poseidon.
The total amount of commitment appropriations is increasing to €134 million, which is a 3.1% increase from 2008. On the other hand, the amount of payment appropriations is decreasing by 3.1% from 2008, which is a total of €121.4 billion.

1.3% decrease in appropriations for EU cohesion policy is the most rapid among the seven EU budget headings 
The European Commission should, however, have focused more on the successful commencement of resources uptake and reduction of the administrative burden, instead of on a mechanical reduction in payment appropriations
It is obvious that the amount of resources proposed by the European Commission is insufficient for the EU's new priorities: EU
First of all, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Haug, for the excellent work she has done so far. In her report, she is attempting to create a budget from the restricted framework available which can help us bring our priorities to fruition and at the same time respond to the global challenges we face. In view of the stagflation that is threatening the European Union, it is an important, positive step that the largest heading in the budget is now the section dealing
1. The 2009 budget has a steep rise in energy and food prices. The EU should take actions to deal with the ongoing situation. The Commission should spend taxpayers' money in line with the aims and needs of Europe and its citizens.
2. Elections to the European Parliament will take place in 2009. The Commission will have to account for the disbursement of taxpayers' money and make sure that it is in line with the aims and needs of Europe and its citizens.
3.
Following the July European Council, the European Parliament's budgetary authority, the Committee on Budgets, drafted a resolution to present to the Parliament's plenary session on 8 July 2008. The draft resolution reflects the European Parliament's position on the draft 2009 budget, which the European Council has just endorsed.
The draft resolution emphasises the importance of delivering EU funds in line with EU objectives and standards in the fight against climate change, support for poorer regions, and other important priorities. The resolution further stresses
