cnn's john sutter talks with the head of particle division of the ORGANIZATION1.
sutter: the technology is now only working technically.
he says the critical required the video and subtitles or the slides to be on the same screen.
sutter: if you don't speak [other2], then you probably prefer longer delay..
cnn's john sutter talks with cnn's mike sutter about the surge project.
sutter: "it's not good for videos obviously, but it's good for static slides" sutter: "we still need to organize the layout to provide subtitles next to either subtitles or the paragraph you next to the slides".
cnn's john sutter asks if anyone can help with domain adaptation.
sutter: "we need to provide all the forms of the same word, the same probability" sutter: "i would for simplicity assign all the words all these forms of the same word" sutter: "i'm unintelligible>, i'll double check".
i'm not sure if you would have some files ready for the monday talk.
i have unintelligible> mostly the work and the unintelligible> for LOCATION3.
i'll get in touch with [PERSON5] and make sure that you can feed those files to him..
voj worked on three different things this week.
the first is a visualization of the sound from the microphone.
the second is a javascript piece of code that can be included in any webpage even on a remote machine..
cnn's jarrett bellini has been working on a machine translation model.
he's working on a number that could be used to mark down loudness.
he's also working on a number that could be used to mark down a number..
i'm going to get it training today, and hopefully i will have some results.
the problem is that this wasn't trained on [PROJECT5], so i had to do it just in unintelligible>, because of the tpu support.
there is one for unintelligible> actually, that i could use it's called open neural network exchange format..
PERSON10: we haven't collected, obtained any single number from our models.
but we should get to that in two weeks of february at the latest.
(PERSON10): it is, but it is trained like in [other4] centric way..
PERSON8 is collecting monolingual data, and that means that we need to translate this to create synthetic parallel data.
right now it isn't modeling unintelligible> some documentsunintelligible> available on parallel.
if you have additional time, i will look at this, unintelligible>..
cnn's john sutter talks with cnn's john sutter about his work this week.
sutter is working on a segmenter worker for unintelligible> segmenter.
sutter says he's not able to run the script to deploy their worker on the mediator..
cnn's mike downey says he doesn't know what is more important.
downey says he has a data ambassador who knows unintelligible> the most.
downey says he's not sure if he's coming this week..
