PERSON7 and PERSON9 are discussing the holidays in Brazil. PERSON9 explains that everyone works until the 24th of December. PERSON7 explains that there are holidays until 24, 25, 26 in the Czech Republic.
PERSON7 and PERSON9 are waiting for PERSON2 and PERSON5 to join the meeting. PERSON7 is on vacation and PERSON5 is also on vacation, so they decide to cancel the meeting on 21st and 28th. They will ask PERSON4 if he has different plans.
PERSON7 and PERSON4 are discussing the review dissemination of one of the deliverables. They decide to cancel the meetings on the 21st and 28th as most of them will have holidays or days off.
PERSON7 and PERSON5 are discussing the multi-source and navigation task. PERSON7 wrote an email to PERSON1, but she has other deadlines. PERSON5 has not been working much this week, as he is still working on a side project of PDT. PERSON9 is preparing data for the negative constraints and training the model for negative constraints. PERSON2 has to train the model using negative constraints in the input. PERSON9 has the test set of the translaton, but needs to prepare a translaton as well.
PERSON2 and PERSON9 are discussing the code to the rappel. PERSON9 has not tested it yet and PERSON2 is worried that he will run into some problems. PERSON9 is still working on the code and is still finishing the code. PERSON2 suggests that he should try it today, as he did not test it properly.
PERSON2 and PERSON7 are discussing how to implement batching for constraint decoding. They discuss the possibility of using more than one sentence in the input files for the constraints, but PERSON2 is not sure if it is possible. He explains that he tried a simple baseline method that used all the subwords from the constraint and added bonus to the soft pocks for each step. He also tried filtering out the beams and replacing the beams with different beams for multi-token constraints, and for positive constraints he only compared the training approach with very simple stuff. PERSON4 explains that it is only data manipulation.
PERSON2 and PERSON9 are discussing the speed of the dataset reprocessing. PERSON9 explains that he only has to tokenize the dataset 14000 times. PERSON2 suggests that PERSON9 move the four loap before the dataset. PERSON9 agrees to check the code. PERSON2 is almost finished with changing Marion to outputs all the attentional incoder decoder attentional weights.
PERSON2 and PERSON7 are discussing the deliverables for the course. PERSON4 explains that they should get the first complete version of the deliverable on the 21st of December and that PERSON8 may need to submit a PDF before the New Year's evenings. PERSON7 suggests sending PERSON3 an e-mail to get a preview of the full version and PERSON4 agrees. The deadline for the PROJECT1 deliverable is the end of the year and PERSON8 may have to submit it at the remote party.
PERSON6, PERSON7, PERSON4, PERSON2, PERSON5, and PERSON5 say goodbye to each other and have a nice holiday. PERSON4 suggests staying for a little while for outings, but PERSON7 agrees with PERSON4 that PROJECT2 is good and safe from their side.
