uh, uh, i would like to ask [PERSON16] and [PERSON3] to debag what was the problem yesterday.
can it also affect the recognition quality or is it just slow? (PERSON13) mhm.
(PERSON16) now, i am looking so i can just upload it as a link file..
cnn's john sutter talks to a man who has applied for a domain adaptation.
sutter: "i think we primarily need [PERSON14] to collect the text data" sutter: "we are not so interested in the old people giving their memories as such".
i'm still horribly struggling with the [ORGANIZATION6], uh, [ORGANIZATION6] demo papers.
i have now started worrying about the calculations of a number of things.
i think for some of them, we are calculating exactly the way we should do..
cnn's john sutter talks with the author of the "PROJECT12" demo paper.
the paper is supposed to be six, uh, pages long.
sutter: "the [PROJECT14] quality is very bad for all, uh, remotely handled sessions".
cnn's john defterios has a new paper out on how to automate x windows.
he's working on the evaluations first and fore-.
he's also working on the multi- [ORGANIZATION8] demo..
i'm writing a tool that will allow an operator to define the part, of the pipeline and how they are connected.
and the tool will make a unintelligible> script, that will make sure that everything is corrected as it was specified.
and there should also be some support for a docker, uh, and part of the pipeline that are in docker..
a conference is going to provide life subtitles and transcription.
a generic description of how people should look at the outputs is missing.
if you could get directly in touch with [PERSON18], i will write-.
i will unintelligible> an email..
vicky mccartney has a week and a day of feedback to give.
mccartney: if our outputs are so bad as they were yesterday, there is no point in collecting the feedback at all.
mccartney: i haven't sent them the transcripts yet, because, uh, i shall have to rerun the transcript late..
cnn's john sutter talks with cnn's john sutter about his new shortening project.
sutter says he's working on the chopped training for english.
sutter says he's not sure if it's relevant for others..
uh, the problem is with czech because, uh, the [PROJECT11] speech has a, uh, less than three hundred thousand texts.
and, uh, common with the [PERSON17] has fifty or millions of recordings.
uh, the training pipeline on that, private data stood loader within the [PROJECT9], uh framework is a black box and it is quite complicated..
i'm not sure if [PERSON19]'s [PROJECT5] will be active now, uh, when she is on maternity leave.
i'll do it half and half without any further information.
i would i would use the same number, the same amount from the two [PROJECT5]s..
"apparently this matters" is cnn tech's weekly, offbeat look at items trending online.
this week, jarrett looks at a problem with translating from german to english.
jarrett: the problem is that the verb itself is not expected any sooner than the source verb was uttered..
lz granderson: proportional alignment and proportional values will be comparable.
he says it would require words to be emitted sooner than a previous word.
lz: it would max out the rest of the sentence with the value of the previous word.
lz: if you could come up with an example, uh, uh, this alignment would be perhaps even better..
i would suggest that we do not max it with the proportional value.
(PERSON6) because it doesn't make sense to me.
(PERSON13) yes, exactly.
so it should not lose anything in in delay.
(PERSON6) yes, i think the only acceptable reason the translator didn't for example write this other word is waiting for this one..
"apparently this matters" is cnn tech's weekly, offbeat look at items trending in the web.
this week, jarrett looks at some of the things he found confusing.
jarrett: i think that the current description is excessively detailed and confusing..
the end of the world is like three characters proportionally from two, 0, four and four four zero.
the formula should be based on characters at the end of the word.
fe-, feel free to switch to persian for now if it's faster..
there is nothing in the paper that would allow people to calculate this.
the formula is very complicated.
i'm thinking if this is simple enough to call it simple..
i think from the 5th of january they- (PERSON13) the restrictions are over.
i'm surprised if you still do not have that access.
(PERSON2) yes, zarivar.
yes, 29 and 28.
yeah, i'm sharing the screen.
so please check, right? (PERSON2) yes, it's correct..
