PERSON8 has just arrived to Iran and is checking if his voice is okay. PERSON7 is in the corridor wearing a mask, but another colleague will come in a second.
PERSON7 and PERSON1 are discussing the progress of the PROJECT1 data set. PERSON1 is using the Petri environment for cruise control and the evaluation. PERSON7 suggests that they use the same set-up that they used for the evaluation in the serge. They discuss the structure of the table and the number of language pairs that will be reported. They agree that it is important to prepare the table in the delebl, and that PERSON1 should add more language pairs to it.
PERSON7 and PERSON5 are discussing the evaluation of the systems for multisource machine translation. PERSON7 suggests that PERSON5 should focus on evaluation of existing models and not extend the current delebl. He also suggests that PERSON1 and PERSON5 should agree on the status of the evaluations after day twelve. PERSON1 agrees and they agree to double the outcomes for the evaluation.
PERSON7 is discussing the upcoming events, including the Malach conference and the student companies fair. He also mentions that PERSON10 has successfully docorize the caldi model by PERSON3, but the platform is not yet available. PERSON11 is trying to learn cow bi, and PERSON7 suggests that someone can give him a head start with the existing models in caldi. PERSON4 has reported the better release of a speech in a British corpus, but it has not yet been sent to the reviewer from Pervoiz. PERSON7 will review the D 4 2 for review himself, if he doesn't hear from them by the evening. PERSON10 has also created a video with the performance files, but he hasn't touched it yet.
PERSON7 and PERSON8 are discussing the SLTE and PROJECT1 test set integration. PERSON8 is working on the index files for the multi-lingual set-ups. PERSON1 is in contact with PERSON9, but PERSON5 has not had any direct contact. PERSON7 suggests that PERSON1 should run the systems and put the output somewhere, and PERSON9 can continue from that point and run the evaluations. PERSON8 agrees and will meet PERSON9 for two or three days in person.
PERSON7 and PERSON1 are discussing the output repository that PERSON2 has prepared for the output. They have a call with PERSON2 at one PM today. PERSON1 will e-mail PERSON2 to find out when he is available. PERSON7 will join the call, as he has a call at two PM today and PERSON7 has sent a calendar in white for one today to him and PERSON2.
PERSON7 is wrapping up the meeting and thanking everyone for their participation. He reminds everyone to review the delebls and CVs and reminds them to help him with the long-term goals. He also mentions that they have a Monday seminar on the 21st of PERSON4uary and that Linguistic Mondays will be on the 4th of PERSON4uary. He will try to email PERSON1 to check if there is a change in the Zoom call.
