PERSON12 and PERSON5 are discussing their student life. PERSON12 is trying to figure out the sound settings on his new machine. PERSON11 is back to work after being ill and PERSON2 has electricity back. PERSON5 is staying in a private private apartment in Saarbrücken city, which is on the other side of the city. PERSON11 asks if he has any news about his electricity and PERSON2 confirms that it is back.
PERSON11 is discussing his to-do list for the upcoming events. He is looking for a backup person for the PROJEC210 and PROJECT2 sessions and an archiver person to take care of the recording. He also asks PERSON13 if he will be available as a backup in case he gets sick. PERSON13 agrees and they agree to work on the ladder climbing.
PERSON11 suggests using simple html tables to show the differences after every evaluation campaign. He also suggests that PERSON2 create a conversion from the tables into html and put the results regularly on his webpage. PERSON11 is also working on the demo paper, which is due next Friday, and gathering documents for the two sessions.
PERSON11 and PERSON2 discuss the progress of the D one point five and D six point three exams. They discuss the need for complementary metrics for the ASR and PROJEC210 domains, such as profanity filtering, rare words evaluation, and status per language pair. PERSON11 asks PERSON2 to look at the outputs and create a dictionary of words that they do and do not like in the domain. PERSON1 has compiled a translation dictionary and should share it soon.
PERSON2 and PERSON11 discuss the evaluation process for the ladder climbing and regular reports. PERSON11 suggests that PERSON2 should ask PERSON3 to extract positive plus negative lists from domain documents and delay scores from PROJECT3 test set. They also discuss the need to improve the segmenter and the deadline for the presentation. PERSON11 also mentions that PERSON2 has done a lot of work for the end of the year, but it was a spoiled Christmas break. He is happy with the tables that they have put into the tables, and he wants to have more observations gathered throughout the weeks and not for the deadline. He also suggests that the pipeline should be more based on the allocation system, rather than the PRO, as it is stressful.
PERSON12 is trying to train a model on ORGANISATION243 for an experiment. PERSON11 suggests using a more frequently used dataset for comparison purposes and a system for deployment. He also suggests using D one one and D one five data sets, and suggests that PERSON12 should browse the ASR section of the PROJECT3 U deliverables. He suggests that PERSON5 put the data in the data directory for non-native speakers and put it in the training directory for training.
PERSON11 and PERSON5 are discussing the possibility of having a call with PERSON8 and PERSON12. PERSON2 will join the call, but PERSON8 is unavailable on Friday. PERSON12 suggests that they attend the call and then have a meeting with PERSON2 and PERSON5 to compare the performance of the models using PROJECT1. PERSON2 suggests that PERSON9 should be included in the call as a replacement for PERSON8, as he will be training a non-native speaker if he is to replace PERSON8. PERSON2 agrees and adds him to his calendar.
PERSON11 and PERSON13 are discussing how to integrate the PROJECT4 corpus and speech language identification into the study subtitler study paper for the end of the month. PERSON13 explains that he has implemented a model for Czech, German, and English and is going to pass it to PERSON5 or someone who can train other models. PERSON11 suggests using a multi-source tool to ship the audio to multiple ASR or multiple workers and a language checker to merge the outputs. They also need to figure out the use case for the language ID.
