23 3.23. Conditions of employment of other servants of the European
Communities *(vote)

Report: on the proposal for a Council regulation amending the Conditions of
employment of other servants of the European Communities [COM(2008)0786 -
C6-0449/2008 - 2008/0224(CNS)] - Committee on Legal Affairs. Rapporteur:
Giuseppe Gargani (A6-0483/2008)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 21)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2008)0606)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0606)

The following spoke on the vote:
Giuseppe Gargani (rapporteur), who moved oral amendments to Amendments 62,
65 and 75,which were accepted.

Before the final vote, Giuseppe Gargani asked the Commission to clarify its
position, which Margot Wallstrm (Vice-President of the Commission) did.

After the final vote, Giuseppe Gargani read out the following political
declaration:
'The European Parliament and the Council agree, without prejudice to the
powers of the budgetary authority, that the transition to the new
arrangements for accredited parliamentary assistants will not in itself
give rise to any increase in the appropriations entered in the section of
the general budget of the European Union dealing with the European
Parliament and intended to cover parliamentary assistance by comparison
with the corresponding appropriations in the 2008 budget, save as a result
of index-linking.
The European Parliament draws attention to Article 69(2) of the
Implementing Measures for the Statute for Members of the European
Parliament, adopted by its Bureau on 17 July 2008, which stipulates that
the amount to be defrayed for all parliamentary assistants may be index-
linked annually by Parliament's Bureau.
The European Parliament and the Council agree that in the event that the
Commission were to propose, in conformity with Article 96(11) of the
Conditions of employment of other servants, an adjustment of the
contributions to the unemployment insurance scheme owing to the inclusion
of accredited parliamentary assistants in that scheme, the necessary
payments by the European Parliament should be financed under an appropriate
budget heading and paid from the total appropriations allocated to the
section of the budget relating to the European Parliament.
The European Parliament and the Council point out that, pursuant to the
second subparagraph of Article 248(4) of the EC Treaty, the Court of
Auditors may at any time submit observations, particularly in the form of
special reports, on specific questions and deliver opinions at the request
of one of the other institutions of the Community.
The European Parliament undertakes to consult the future body set up to
represent accredited parliamentary assistants on any change which may be
made to the internal decision referred to in Article 125(1) of the CEOS.'


The President welcomed the outcome of the vote.

Monica Frassoni associated herself with those remarks.


