PERSON1 and PERSON4 are discussing the annotation of a document with PERSON5. They are worried about PERSON7 and the annotator, who has stopped working on it. PERSON4 suggests that he finish the annotation himself and that PERSON5 should check if others are joining the project. PERSON1 suggests that PERSON7 should be able to move to Canada to prepare the data, but PERSON5 is worried that he might have started some Ph.D. work.
PERSON5 and PERSON4 are discussing the process of removing named entities from documents. They agree to proceed at the word type level and then the word token level, with the goal of having the full collection of documents with all named entities replaced by placeholders by the end of the process. They also discuss the need to connect the basic operator to the lexical grafers in the seminars, and PERSON4 mentions that he will try to connect it to PERSON7's.
PERSON4 and PERSON5 discuss the quality of the annotators' output and the need to preserve the identity of project names and speakers. They also discuss the issue of typos and multi-word entities. They agree that it would be better to focus on people and ignore the identity for projects for time, but it is important to know who said what and when someone refers to someone else. Finally, they discuss how to ensure no N I leaks into the final data and the open problems of the edition of new documents.
PERSON4, PERSON5, and PERSON1 are discussing how to deidentify the corpus. PERSON1 will need to offload some of his water modelling ideas to PERSON3, who needs to work on the programmatic parts. PERSON5 suggests using VI macros and combining text editors to anonymize the corpus, but PERSON1 needs to read the regulations first. PERSON6 is working on the identification from the beginning of PERSON4uary and has been working on it for 30 days. They discuss the deidification procedure, the identification guidelines, and potentially new concerns. They decide to leave the mock entities in English and Czech, but leave the names of the entities in the mock languages.
PERSON5 and PERSON4 discuss the consent forms for the project. They decide to forget the first form and focus on the second form, which will include consent to publish the data in the anonymised form. They also discuss the need for full samples for the task, and PERSON4 suggests that everyone should have a little bit of evidence.
PERSON5 and PERSON4 are discussing the preparation of a web page for a pre-release of the corpus. PERSON1 suggests that they create a master sheet with the names of participants from the meeting minutes, and that PERSON1 should prepare it in two hours. They also discuss the need for an annotator to review the data, and PERSON1 explains that each participant should leave their IDs in a separate form.
PERSON1 and PERSON5 are discussing the timeline for the data deidentification. They agree that the data should be ready by the end of February, with the consent process in the first week of March. They also agree that PERSON4 should be finished with the word type level annotation in two days. They then discuss the coding of the xml, which can be delayed if inevitable.
PERSON4 and PERSON5 are discussing PERSON1's webpage and the possibility of inviting master's students to the Scientific Committee. PERSON1 explains that the list is not finalized, but he has put the names down in an e-mail template. PERSON4 is unsure if they should invite all of the people on the list, as half of them are likely to be system professors or Ph.D. students. They decide to leave it open and discuss it separately.
PERSON1 and PERSON5 are discussing the text for an e-mail to the prospective members of the Scientific Committee. PERSON1 suggests that they submit the proposal within PERSON4uary 7th or 8th and that PERSON5 should contact the people who have declined or accepted the invitation. PERSON5 suggests that PERSON1 cancel some of the names in the ORGANIZATION1 sheet and that she should call out the remaining people on the list for participation. She also suggests writing a request on the goal sheet.
PERSON4 and PERSON5 discuss sending pre-prepared letters to PERSON4's candidates. PERSON4 suggests sending them to three Russians, as they have points for cooperating with foreigners and he is not a foreigner enough. PERSON5 is not sure if the e-mail is too Russian, as he can't read it. They decide to meet this afternoon to discuss the financial question.
