(PERSON6) Hi, hello.
Can you hear me?
(PERSON2) Yes.
(PERSON6) I do not hear anyone.
I have to reconnect again.
Or maybe can someone else, give it a try as well, because – 
(PERSON2) I can hear you.
(PERSON6) [PERSON11], can you say something as well.
Because with [PERSON2], I remember that [PERSON2] also had some microphone issues at times.
(PERSON2) And you can hear –
you cannot hear me or –
(PERSON6) Yeah. 
So.
I'll try to reconnect.
I'll –
Yeah –
So, [PERSON8].
Hello, can you say something?
(PERSON8) Oh yeah.
Hi.
(PERSON6) Oh, yeah.
I. 
I have to reconnect.
Making [PERSON8] the host, for now.
Yeah. 
So, I'll make [PERSON8] the host for now, and I reconnect. 
Leave meeting.
(PERSON8) Oh, okay.
I hear you, by the way.
Hello.
(PERSON6) Yeah, yeah.
Now I can hear it.
So, for some reason I have always to connect a few times until zoom starts sending also the sound to me.
So, <laugh/> 
It's annoying.
Yeah.
So.
I was in a call until the very last minute.
So, sorry that I didn't remind everybody to– to connect.
Ah and–
Ah, I'm happy to see that you are here.
So, let's start.
And also my machine crashed in the meantime, so I had to, like, restart it.
And now it's all, like, starting up.
So, so, I would like to start, maybe in the other order.
In the opposite order than last week.
So, [PERSON7], if you could start.
You were one of those –
(PERSON1) So, you want to hear, what did I do?
(PERSON6) Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(PERSON1) So. 
The transcripts for check are almost done.
And one– one transcriber of Germany's working.
And she wants to do it alone, until December the 10th.
And my mother is writing the question for the German subti– subtitle user study.
And she – and she has some progress, and then– then she will move it to the spreadsheet, so we can get, her feedback and– and continue with that.
And I started to write deliverables.
(PERSON6) Okay, that's great. 
Starting to write de–
That's – 
That's excellent.
Ah, I'm hopeful about [PERSON12], but I haven't heard from him back. 
And he is not on the call either.
So let's –
feel free to ping [PERSON12] –
yourself as well.
So the more –
(PERSON8) Okay.
(PERSON6) The more – the more, we do, the better.
Great.
Yeah, then.
(PERSON1) Can I ask [PERSON11] to do, the transcripts of –
 by German ASR for the German transcriber.
(PERSON6) Yeah, yeah, that–
(PERSON11) So –
So, I have just added the transcripts for the first 30 parts, and for the next ten parts, it's still running.
(PERSON1) Okay.
(PERSON11) But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong, so, something is wrongly –
Basically, the big trade, or something is wrong.
So, some files are still –
have still weird output. 
But – but for most folders, it should be already fine.
(PERSON1) Okay, thanks.
(PERSON6) Yeah, that's great.
So, ah, I support this, it's, it's, it's great that, ah, Dá-
[PERSON7], you have thought of [PERSON11].
And [PERSON11] now has the time.
There are other things where I was, thinking of [PERSON11] and that would be training of, empty systems, so that they do the shortening.
So if you, [PERSON11], had the time.
Obviously, there is no way we could do it for the next week.
But we should really have the system – ready for –
(PERSON11) Mhm.
I looked at the tutorial from, from, from the NLP was it?
(PERSON6) For the upcoming sessions and I've asked <unintelligible/> demand because I've seen the (meme) project demo.
They do offline subtitling.
So, that's sli– slightly easier than what we do. 
They still have the same segmentation issues and so on.
But, their mission translation is doing shortening simply because the data is shortening.
And that's because their target size, is– are the subtitles which are created for the hearing-impaired.
So, there is like natural shortening in the data.
It'd be great if we could also locate some, such type of the data where there is some natural shortening happening.
We would– wou–
We would put it in the architecture.
(PERSON11) Mhm. That's also possible.
But also, I looked at the, at the –
Tutorial from the, from the –
(PERSON6) Yeah, it was <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON11) Yes, <unintelligible/>.
 Actually, so –
So, all of our models, basically work with, with, yeah, sequence to sequence where we just process the entire –
input sentence.
And, then, when we have the final, output from, from, from the entire input sentence, we, start, generating, but, the output sentence.
But, but, actually, so –
The people from –
I think, it was <unintelligible/> actually.
They are doing it, so that they are just processing prefixes.
So they pre–
process first key words as they, as they, give them into the input.
And hen they generate the first word.
And, and then, basically with every new token that they get.
They generate, the new – 
one new token.
So, basically, it is much faster because you just generate one word at a time.
And also, I think it –
It could be quite easy to implement the, shortening in this, in this model as well.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON11) Because we can just stop generating after some time.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
So, it would be shortening because we ran out of time, right? <laugh/> 
(PERSON11) Yes. 
So basically we would just, call it like to –
We would just train it, so that it s–
Stops generating it after the –
Some, some time.
Yeah.
So, so that could also work.
(PERSON6)Yeah.
So they have talked to [PERSON9].
Or [PERSON9] mentioned it in a call that is, [PERSON3] is not ready, has no, specific things, for speech translation.
So this  <unintelligible/> and other strategies are no longer <unintelligible/> [PERSON3].
(PERSON11) Okay, okay, so we would have to implement this.
(PERSON6)Yeah.
And there is nobody –
In Edinburgh, who would have the time to do that.
So if you would have the time, then you are one possible candidate.
And we actually don't have any other candidates.
Where maybe I thought that, that maybe some students of [PERSON1], I do not know if he is on the call already.
But that is also like very risky and like distant.
So it would be difficult, but, so that –
The only other possible candidate would be, [PERSON13], from the [PROJECT1].
Who, like, works halfway in Prague and halfway in Brno.
But he is working on other things in [PERSON3].
So, I don't want to, like, to focus him too, too, much.
So –
[PERSON11], Please, think about it.
If –
(PERSON11) Okay, okay,bso right now I don't know if it is realistic, because I, I was just looking at the [PERSON3] <unintelligible/> some time ago.
And, I saw, basically, like, yeah. 
It's quite like, quite low level.
It's written in <unintelligible/>.
So, I don't know how, how hard it will be to change this.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON11) But if I, I see that it is possible, if I understand what's going on in the code, then, yeah, I –
(PERSON6) Yeah. 
(PERSON11) Will like, let you know, based on, yeah, what they thi–
(PERSON6) Yeah. Thanks.
So let me check the –
This is so –
So poor.
I would never use –
So, we have [PERSON2], [PERSON4] and [PERSON8] you here on the call further.
So now, from all of you, I would like to hear an update for the sessions, for next week.
So, one thing is the Monday seminar. 
That should be done very easily, don't bother yourself with that much.
But I think that [PERSON4] should just like, click, click on s– some buttons and get the get the, vocabulary, expanded for that, right?
(PERSON4) Well, yes –
Will work on it tomorrow.
(PERSON6) Yes, but then a lot of effort is to be put into – the preparation for the two setups.
Um, for, [PROJECT2] and <unintelligible/>.
And, [PERSON4] you mentioned that you don't have the webpage for [PROJECT2].
Is that still true?
(PERSON4) No.
I fi– found it.
And I, I just saw the programme for [PROJECT2], and I was checking the talks.
And I am trying to, gather the data <unintelligible/>
the relevant from those parts that are mentioned in the programme.
(PERSON6) So, could you mer-
Maybe, per– perhaps –
Well, oh, you are you away?
So, you are away the whole Friday?
Or only at eleven?
(PERSON4) I'm away from eleven to one. No, ten to twelve.
(PERSON6)Ten to twelve.
Okay, so in the afternoon, for example, in the Czech afternoon. 
You are able to, to do something.
So, I would suggest if it's not too late for, for issue.
And I guess it's not.
That, you could have a Zoom call again with the videos and –
And to, to have a dry run of some past similar talks to [PROJECT2] talks. 
And see how uh that system works.
And, at the same time, we can do the same thing with the <unintelligible/> for example.
The, the, Supreme Audit talks.
So they are in the elite, the death set.
So I will.
We have the the links, some or else, maybe–
(PERSON4) I'm, I'm a bit afraid that the <unintelligible/> probably will not be prepared till tomorrow.
Because tomorrow I will be working on the Monday seminar model as well.
So I think we can run the dataset for Monday.
(PERSON6) Yeah, well –
(PERSON4) Is it too late?
(PERSON6) The more tests we do, the better.
So, even if we do the test of, like, the two concurrent subtitlings without domain adaptation, it would be useful test.
(PERSON4) Okay.
For sure.
(PERSON6) So, ah, so, [PERSON8], if you could plan for tomorrow afternoon, so that –
(PERSON8) Yeah, I'm planning to do that.
(PERSON6) So there –
It will be two videos, played concurrently.
So that actually means that we need you to operate two machines.
That's another critical thing. <laugh/>
(PERSON8) I can't op–
I can operate two machines.
I have two laptops at home.
So, I can do that, I guess.
(PERSON6) Yes, but you need two local machines.
You need to unit ark, and one more machine with X to go.
(PERSON8) I can use black bird. 
(PERSON6) Okay.
Yeah.
So Ark and blackbird, right?
Yeah.
So tomorrow in the afternoon, should we say, like one or two, Czech time.
What is better for you?
(PERSON8) Both is okay with me.
(PERSON4) Both are good for me.
(PERSON6) So I suggest that at one.
Czech time.
So, like, Zoom Test for –
Two –
YouTube videos at the same time.
So, [PERSON8], would the, two, presentations be ready to paragraph use ready?
(PERSON8) So I got the access to, <unintelligible/>, my engage, last night, so it was pretty late in India.
So I didn't set up my account.
Then, I will complete it today. 
Basically yesterday, I, worked with all the steps.
So, it should be easy for me to do that now.
Oh, it will be done today, I guess.
Yeah.
So tomorrow we are going –
(PERSON6) There is, there is some chance that –
Ah, yeah.
So, and [PERSON6] will provide –
[PERSON8], [PERSON8], setting up, two presentations.
So, and [PERSON4], [PERSON4] has been working on adaptation, for the two domains.
[PERSON8] setting up to online text –
To paragraph setting.
On (quest plus) virtual machines, behind.
And then, Friday, test time for two concurrent sessions.
So it will be arc plus blackbird.
One will follow (saw) video, one will follow.
I will say CL video.
So [PERSON4], if you put, could put a link here.
Please add a link –
[PERSON4] –
And, I will put a link, [PERSON6] will put a link here.
Yeah, so this will be the two videos.
We will start them, and we will watch that.
The pipeline will be probably the very same.
But still, you should like, have it as two separate pipelines.
And you must not mess it up. <laugh/>
And later.
Ah, like later Friday, or on, in, on Monday.
Ah, the models will be updated with the, with the domain elected ones.
(PERSON4) Yeah.
(PERSON6) So, on Friday, use –
Two separate pipelines, but each running actually the same thing.
Update the – each of the pipelines –
Each of the pipelines on Monday for the two different domain adaptations.
Yeah, so that is, that.
And I'm curious about the evaluation, the scores, so [PERSON8], you have mentioned that you are already doing some ASR.
(PERSON8) Yeah, so, I am compiling some days, are tasked for that.
But I am, facing some issues.
It's basically that some videos are not, are not, some videos are not <unintelligible/> properly into a 16 cave format.
So I'm looking into that.
So [PERSON10] told me yesterday that there are some issues with some audio, and I have to do that manually if that does not happen.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
So, this is essential–
This should be –
We should, we all should know like how to do it.
It should be part of the automatic evaluation of a leader test set, right?
(PERSON8) It is, yeah, it is.
(PERSON6) That is, that is not working properly.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
But there are some audio files, where it, it gets converted to, the MP3 format.
But when you pass it to the (sound) system, or the (sound) system will not work on that.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
So this is this is strange.
Ah, issues with some files –
With the –
The 16 c– format, converted from so –
Yeah, [PERSON8], seek for any help you can get.
If [PERSON10] can do that, then, please tell [PERSON10] to do it.
(PERSON8) Yeah, he is here with me, to do do it.
So I am doing it today, but –
(PERSON6) Yeah – 
(PERSON8) That, that takes a bit of time, because I need to figure out which one is the one which is are getting passes where they <unintelligible/>. 
So once I know that I can keep a track of it, so, for future –
Or actually, for future I would not.
Would not need it, because once I have the web be file, I probably won't, won't need to do convert.
(PERSON6) Well, this, this should be actually –
Can you still hear me?
The sound quality is a little worse.
So this should really be done, all the time.
So every time we run this evaluation, it should be, run from scratch.
So, every time, there should be a fresh download of a <unintelligible/> and fresh conversion and a fresh evaluation.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
But still, if I am keeping track of the files, which, are – need to be manually converted, so that I can write a script, and it could take care of at least the known ones.
And of course, if we add some new files, I can see for that later.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
So this is an important thing that we should have, like come across, or it is, a months ago.
Remember, it is, is– since August that I've been telling you that, that we want to evaluate on a later test set.
And, like every time, you, you all.
It is not just you, you personally, [PERSON8].
There were other things, obviously.
But like, every time, you thought about that, you thought that, well, this will be easy.
We will just run it.
And only when you actually do it, you will see all the problems.
So this is known, common.
It is always like that.
So that's a message for everybody. 
Before you try, you never know what would be the the problem.
So for example, the call that I had, that, there was, someone was interviewing me so they, they, they wanted to record the video.
Zoom never worked as badly for me as it, as it was today for the recording.
So before you do, you cannot say whether it will work or, or not.
And here we are running on the, in the problems of conversion, of the, of the file formats.
So hopefully, we will be able to, like, quickly get the numbers.
So do you have any word error rates so far?
(PERSON8) No, I have not processed it.
So [PERSON1] said that, once, they get the transcript, we will done it together.
Because he also has not thoroughly <unintelligible/> the system.
So he wanted to do it together.
(PERSON6) Yeah, ye–
And you have the –
(PERSON8) And I'll have a call with –
(PERSON6) Today.
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON6) Yes, that is very important.
So [PERSON1] is going to be extremely busy, because he is organising some event, tomorrow and over the weekend.
So we, we must not rely on [PERSON1], so today is your last chance to get it running before the, the weekend.
And then only from Monday onwards, probably he, he could help.
So that is that thing.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
(PERSON6) Than maybe, have also [PERSON10] on that call with [PERSON1]?
Is that planned that way?
(PERSON8) Um, not right now.
I will ask [PERSON10] if he is available.
(PERSON6) Please do.
And, who else could be of any help there?
So, my only thinking, is of [PERSON11] who was able to simply come by and help immediately.
(PERSON8) Well, in this –
I do not think anything will be, any –
I don't know.
For now, there are like a lot of things to run, but I'm also simplifying everything, so that, ah, we won't have –
I think –
(PERSON6) Yeah, okay.
Yeah, so let's hope it will all work out.
So, as soon as you have any numbers, please send them to me.
Just, regardless how low or high the numbers are, this –
Just receiving the numbers will be a big relief for me.
(PERSON8) I will, at least for –
I, at least for <unintelligible/> , I will send you the numbers today.
Yeah, so for for which data set, the –
(PERSON8) It is a khanic admitted, that, it is the <unintelligible/> 2020, it's part of that.
(PERSON6) Khan, Khan Academy?
Ok, it is just –
I mispronounced it.
So probably, you know the correct pronunciation, and I do not recognise it.
Yeah.
So there is these (saw) files.
And these are more important, because they reflect the domain that we have for the SG1 meeting.
And there is the money dogs, and these are important for the, SL domain.
(PERSON8) Yes, oh, okay, so, I, I, I will all the three.
(PERSON6) Yeah, okay, great.
Yeah.
And, so, I know that [PERSON4] is working on the adaptation for the two domains.
We'll do a Monday seminar, tomorrow, that we will like, one (shot) think.
And, I'm very curious.
So, [PERSON4], are you taking a part in that call, with [PERSON1] as well?
(PERSON4) No.
(PERSON6) I think it is a, I think you – you also should, because, you should also evaluate, the –
So, I'm hoping that you will be able to have the multiple custom dictionaries in the, our system.
The dictionaries that come from [PERSON2], and that you will choose, which is the best, one. 
That you will have some numbers to, to choose – which of the ASR systems should be used.
Which of the vocabulary should be used.
And for that you need the evaluation.
So, whatever you see by, shown by [PERSON1], will be also useful for you.
Unless you already know how to run SLTF.
(PERSON4) No, I don't know yet.
And, so, I think there are some things to discuss about the, the multiple dictionaries.
I received your email yesterday with, the thing I was –
I mentioned in the mail, that the (ASR) system without using people's pronunciation was better than the one used with people's generated pronunciations.
(PERSON6) So, so, sorry, say it again, and be more precise.
So [PERSON2] sent this email with the four words, the Watson, IBM –
(PERSON4) Yes.
So this <unintelligible/> was.
So, I sent the, files to [PERSON2], three (kinds) of IBM and three (kinds) of Watson.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
So he sent me, the phonemes spoken in those files.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON4) And so, since his model works on some ESL.
And so he first recognised the words in the audio file, and then converted into phonemes and then sent it to me.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON4) So there was –
For example, there was one file in which the word was for IBM.
And so –
The ESL decoded it, as I think, four IBM, and so the phonemes were <unintelligible/>.
So in this way, he sent me the phonemes, and I added those pronunciations in my dictionary.
And so the performance of de– description was exactly the same with the – without adding these pronunciations in their dictionaries.
And the one, domain adaptation model, that I developed with my manual, pronunciations.
The perform is slightly better than, these models.
(PERSON6) Okay, yeah.
Yeah, well, this is too small of a sample.
And then I know that – [PERSON2] produced, the long, word list, right?
And you have not tested that one yet.
(PERSON4) Yes, there is, there is a phoneme to grapheme list. 
(PERSON6) Yes.
(PERSON4) I do not –
So, or I'm confused.
How can I use it as it is?
I think, that can be used by developing for some model, from forming the graphic model and then using it.
(PERSON6) No, no, no.
This is –
This is exactly what you did with the Watson.
So, you just swap the columns.
(PERSON4) Okay, okay.
(PERSON6) So you just convert the, the international phonetic alphabet into the phonemes, that, that CMU knows.
(PERSON4) So it means that, that the list should contain Watson.
(PERSON6) Well, I don't know if the list contains Watson, but it's –
(PERSON4) <unintelligible/>
But I mean, it assumed that the list should contain our words –
(PERSON6) Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
And then, I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary.
So, the thing that I asked for, is that you would have various versions of this dictionary by taking only the words that were observed, five times.
And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more, or something like that.
So, that way, these random errors, such as the example with this four IBM instead of IBM.
This will be not so frequent.
But still, you will have the variants in pronunciation, because if the person, says this alzo, if you remember, if he says this alzo with Z 20 times in the in the talk, then you will see that in the data with the Z.
And if he sometimes manages to say correctly also, then yeah, again, you will see that in the data.
So, I would like, [PERSON4] to be in touch with [PERSON2].
Maybe you continue on call, right?
I have to –
I, I will have to leave now, because I need to give the kids, the, the, the lunch and so on.
But please stay on this call and figure out jointly how to use that dictionary.
So [PERSON4], please show to [PERSON2] what is the dictionary that the system is accepting.
Share your screen, and, and show it.
And [PERSON2], please, have a look at that and help with converting the dictionary that you emitted to that file.
One thing that will be still needed, is the, language model substitute.
But all these words, should be like the known words.
So [PERSON4], you need to figure out what words are in the – in the language model.
And the words which are in the language model, should be simply copied.
So the, the dictionary will have three columns.
The grapheme, as it is output.
One recognised.
The phonemes, as [PERSON2] proposed.
And there will be multiple lines with different phoneme variations.
And the third column, that will be also the same again for all of those, and there will be, again, the same grapheme form.
So that is when the language model sees.
And I think that this way, the– these systems should be able to load it.
And you will also possibly run into one more problem, that is not ready for two big custom dictionaries.
So this is also something that has to be tested, but please test it, the you two together.
So [PERSON2] knows what he created in the dictionary.
And you know what the dictionary looks like, when you are creating it manually, and you need to put these two knowledges– 
<laugh/>
Pieces of knowledge together.
Ah, so that it works with the, with the generated dictionary.
(PERSON4) Okay, okay.
(PERSON6) So [PERSON2], does this make sense?
(PERSON2) Yeah, sure, we'll discuss it.
(PERSON6) Yeah, so is there anything else, [PERSON2], that you – that you have?
(PERSON2) Well, maybe, maybe interesting information for Dominik.
I'm finishing training of a German ASR that may be used for, for time stamping.
I'm not sure, how, good it will be because I'm trying to do it on (Libry) Speech.
And although, when I was downloading, it, they claimed it has more than 600 hours.
But then the training said that the actual training set contains only around 300 hours.
And I'm still not sure whether this 300 hours does not contain, similar sentences.
Or actually the same sentences, but spoken by, by, by different speakers.
Yeah, so it's, it is, because, well –
For example, in English or Czech I was used to, used to observe more steep conversions.
And now it – now it, won't convert so fast.
So, if, if I'm a –
I, take, some samples of – during the training.
Then there are some, still some, serious errors in the ASR output.
So, so, maybe, I'm, I'm hopeful that for, for the time stamping, it is good enough.
Or at least we, we might try it.
(PERSON1) Okay, sure.
And is it possible to enrich the language model by texts, because we have lots of relevant texts from your parliament.
(PERSON2) Oh well, for, for the decoding.
I, my views also language model. 
Well, it depends on what we want to do.
If we want to just infer like, like (open) transcripts, then we can, we can use the language model.
And we can, we can also get, get the time stamps for, for, for the transcript.
If, if you have transcript, and we want just, want to do just a time stamping then there is no way how we can use the language model.
(PERSON1) Yes, I –
We may need both.
Transcripts for <unintelligible/> set.
Or, I mean, forced alignment for the (fantast) set.
And then reco–
Recognition for, for the rest.
For around a 100 hours.
(PERSON2) Well, there are for the recognition, there is possibility to use language model.
(PERSON1) Yeah.
(PERSON6) Yeah, thanks for the progress.
Please discuss this separately.
I just – because I really have to leave.
I would like [PERSON4] to stay on the call with [PERSON2], right?
And discuss how to use the dictionary.
And I see [PERSON10] here.
So [PERSON10], how much time do you have in the coming days?
(PERSON10) It actually depends on what day are we asking, like, I have some presentations to make an assignments are piling up.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
So, well there is a lot of things that [PERSON8] needs to do.
And I think it would be good if you two would like split it among yourselves so that [PERSON8] can manage that in time.
So there is this, the scoring, some meeting with [PERSON1] this afternoon.
So I think you should really join that as well.
(PERSON10) Okay –[PERSON4]
(PERSON6) Because this is the numbers that we want to obtain for the different models.
And then [PERSON8] needs to prepare to have the double system running.
We will do first test of this tomorrow at 1 Prague time.
So I think that if you, [PERSON10], focused more on getting the numbers, and [PERSON8] focus more on getting these systems running, then it would –
Then we will reach the the goals.
(PERSON10) Okay, makes sense, all right.
(PERSON6) So please discuss this separately to find the time, I don't know the meeting time for, with [PERSON1].
And, yeah –
But I really want to see the numbers.
So I would like to have the ASR numbers, today.
And improved numbers on Monday, when [PERSON4] has the domain adaptation for those.
And then we will, on Monday, decide which of the models to use.
And we can still move Monday to Tuesday, but Tuesday is already the [PROJECT2] day.
So the, the CL decision really has to happen on Monday.
And we need at least two numbers to compare <laugh/>.
So, get one number the baselines now and the – the improved on Monday.
(PERSON10) Okay, okay.
(PERSON6) Okay, so I'm leaving at the moment.
And if it, asks me to know.
Now, [PERSON8] is the host, so that is that is good.
As long as the [PERSON8] is on the call –
Like you, the call can run.
So please, [PERSON4] and [PERSON2], synchronise and [PERSON10] follow that as well.
And [PERSON8], and you synchronise –
And get the numbers and send any numbers to me today.
So as, as a baseline.
So thanks and sorry for taking more time.
And fingers crossed for – for all the, for these tests.
Thanks.
All right.
(PERSON8) [PERSON10], I'll send you a text on Slack later or –
(PERSON10) Yes.
(PERSON8) So later today.
Because, I was mentioned by you on the call, call yesterday, or the day before yesterday.
I tried processing it but I think some of the files, even in khanic (terminators) are, are (those) files, which doesn't get converted into 16 <unintelligible/> format pretty easily.
(PERSON10) Okay, that is not, not a big issue.
But I'll take care of it again.
So, are we discussing anything else? 
I would stay in the call but I see silence, so –
(PERSON7) By the way, what do you want compare, [PERSON8]?
All the workers and their quality and latency?
(PERSON8) actually mostly about the –
It is basically about the error rates in (multitranslation) and the ASR?
(PERSON1) Yes, I think we have only one option for ASR, don't we?
Only one ASR, or there are two?
(PERSON8) Sorry?
(PERSON1) How many ASR workers do we have?
(PERSON8) Right now.
One is from (K80).
One is what we use for our Monday Seminars.
That's two.
Ah, even with (K80), we have two.
Ah, one is the (nearest) one – 
(PERSON1) Okay.
(PERSON8) Sequence to sequence, the other one is a normal one.
(PERSON1) Yeah.
(PERSON8) And in the Monday Seminar one, [PERSON4] is going, do the <unintelligible/> adaptation.
For –
For – both the different tasks.
And, finally, on Monday, we'll see, or which model performs best.
(PERSON1) Yes.
When I did the comparison of the workers for <unintelligible/> SLT.
Then I observed that, that there are no big differences in machine translation parts.
But the, the bottleneck in quality, was the ASR quality.
So you may select the best ASR worker in quality.
And then, then, then pick the (MT) worker with the lowest latency and, and some good flicker.
And latency and flicker may test quite, quite easily, on one document.
And not, not, on the whole test set.
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON10) I also –
During the month of August, we also had numbers for the (MT) models.
Where –
What do I say, the rainbow (MT) models.
Scores were better than our, our –
I think, yeah, maybe <unintelligible/> or [PERSON11] –
(PERSON8) It was [PERSON3].
(PERSON10) You just, <unintelligible/> [PERSON3]?
(PERSON8) Think so.
(PERSON10) I'm not sure.
No, I, you –
I think you were not there, at that moment so –
You may not know about it.
(PERSON8) I have the school so –
(PERSON10) Okay, you have this (course), so –
So –
Actually, [PERSON5] compared this course between –
I think, it was rainbow and, summer set of workers.
And rainbows set – a set of  rainbow workers were better.
I think it was [PERSON11]'s, two, 43 to 43 languages.
And that were kind of –
They had like little lesser scores, I mean –
Rainbow workers had better scores, in, in short, yeah.
(PERSON8) Okay, basically.
What on the remission on the call is divorced to use individual translation workers.
You can see if they are performing better.
So uh if not, then obviously we can fall back to, to the rainbow.
(PERSON8) Okay, so I'll make [PERSON4] the host now, because I will go and have my lunch.
It is pretty late here, and I did had my lunch.
(PERSON4) <unintelligible/>
(PERSON10) Thank you, bye, bye. 
And text me on Slack in the weekend.
(PERSON1) Yeah, bye.
(PERSON11) Okay, [PERSON7].
Okay, I am –
(PERSON8) Bye.
(PERSON11) I am just – trying to commit it.
But – so okay.
I have it in the good format now, but I just – because I'm just checking the folders.
And for some folders, the output is like totally terrible.
I don't know why is this.
(PERSON1) Okay.
(PERSON11) But for some folders, it is okay, for some it's terrible.
Like all the words are some, just –
(PERSON1) It may be caused by the speaker.
Maybe he doesn't speak clearly for the ASR.
(PERSON11) Because, like, it is just like the, most common words in the language, I would say, which are, which are recognised over and over.
Like half of the world is like (aber).
(PERSON1) <laugh/>
Yeah.
It may happen.
Maybe you can, if you want to inspect it, then listen to the to the, to the source audio, and you will see.
This is yeah, and it.
(PERSON11) Yeah, I'm trying to do this, yes.
(PERSON1) And it doesn't matter if, if we miss some, some, me of them.
And the annotator will –
Can and filter them out, by herself.
We can keep them there –
(PERSON11) Because like for the first files it worked.
And now I have files with (Czech) names.
And fo– for this, it is working quite bad.
So, yeah, it could be this.
(PERSON1) Yeah. 
(PERSON11) I'm just going to check it once more, and then I will push it.
(PERSON1) Great.
And it will be good to commit or to save the, to –
(PERSON11) <unintelligible/>
I'd say it's probably not the speaker, but it's the files, because often for the files.
Like when I converted them even to the right format.
It just told me like (FFMPEG) again told me that, that there were wrong time stamps in the file, whatever that means.
And basically, the – so – the yes –
So, so I, I now see that the transcripts for, for these files are – don't have the right length.
So they were processed incorrectly.
And I'm not sure how, how to convert them properly, because (FFMPEG) just returns an error for those files, so –
Yeah, but it does not support the format, actually.
(PERSON1) You may try (sox).
(PERSON11) Yeah, but it doesn't support the format, actually.
(PERSON1) Which for– format, is it? (OGG)?
(PERSON11) It is–
Yes, it's actually O–
Ah, wait.
Then it should –
I don't know why I didn't.
I will try it once more.
Okay, yeah, I will, I will.
Then I really use (soxi), okay.
I don't know what was actually the problem.
Okay, yeah.
Because, because for most of the folders that I transcribed later, there's this problem, that basically –
The length is incorrect.
Oh, okay, so I will change this to (soxi)?
And actually, how many, how many work– workers can I run in parallel on CPU?
Is it like – can I run, let's say 100?
(PERSON1) On, on one machine, or?
(PERSON11) I don't know, like on anywhere.
(PERSON1) Or in (Q) to (F), you can run 100.
(PERSON11) Okay, be- because right now –
(PERSON1) <unintelligible/> or –
(PERSON11) Yeah.
Because I think that right now the best way is to throw away everything and to run everything in parallel, so that like in one hour everything would be done.
(PERSON1) Yes.
No, no, no, no problem.
(PERSON11) Because, because like now, I think for m– maybe half of the files it would be, you know, like totally wrong.
And that would like confuse everyone, a- and I can't really find which files it is, be–
(PERSON1) Yes.
(PERSON11) Because it's a lot of files.
So I would have to open everything now, or <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON1) Yeah.
(PERSON11) So maybe I'll just change the converting –
Okay.
(PERSON1) And the converting command is called sox.
S, O, X.
S, O, X, I is another commanded.
It gives you only information.
And you may google of the format of the conversion– for the conversion.
(PERSON11) Sorry.
I accidentally refreshed –
Okay, I will try it for one file if it works better.
For this guy called (strejček).
(PERSON1) [PERSON2], are you still here?
(PERSON2) Yeah
(PERSON1) And how much time do you have to work on the German ASR? Can we –
Can we, or should we go forward with the language models to process the interpreters?
(PERSON2) Like you would like to train a language model. 
(PERSON1) Yes or –
(PERSON2) well –
 I am – continuously saving checkpoints so I can already run the ASR.
So if you provide me a la– language model, then I –
(PERSON1) I can only provide you the texts.
The monolingual German text.
The –
In the European domain.
And so it will be in domain.
And then I hope there will be good quality for the recognition.
(PERSON2) Well, one more thing.
My ASR is – lowercase.
is it okay for you?
(PERSON1) Yes.
(PERSON2) Okay. 
And without punctuation also.
(PERSON1) Yes, we don't –
(PERSON2) Okay.
(PERSON1) We don't care, so far.
(PERSON2) Right.
Then you can provide me with it.
I'm not sure whether I, I, get it done by today, but –
(PERSON1) No problem.
(PERSON2) Tomorrow, I think it could be done.
(PERSON1) Yeah. 
(PERSON11) Okay, yeah, one more thing.
So I figured out that actually, in the – in some of the files, there is –
You don't just hear the interpreter, but you also hear the person saying something in English in the background.
So maybe that could also be the problem.
The speaking of the wrong person, actually.
(PERSON1) Yeah, only – only at the beginning or during the whole –
(PERSON11) Everywhere.
That is the thing, everywhere.
(PERSON1) Yeah.
(PERSON11) But, so, if it does work now, then okay.
If it doesn't work, then I can apply some kind of filter to cut off the –
This effort with with low volume, maybe.
(PERSON1) It's, it's okay or –
(PERSON11) Okay, I will just try how it works.
(PERSON1) Or we can ask the, the annotator, whether the transcription work helped, to spare the – her time.
And, if she says that not, even when the quality is good, then, then we don't need to care much about the rest.
(PERSON11) Okay.
(PERSON1) And we are the focus on [PERSON2]'s high quality on, on the others. 
(PERSON4) [PERSON2], we may discuss now?
(PERSON2) Fine.
(PERSON4) Now, we discuss, no?
Or some thi– <unintelligible/>, [PERSON7]?
(PERSON1) No, I, I think we are done.
I will send an email to [PERSON2].
(PERSON4) Okay, thank you.
(PERSON1) And I may disconnect this call.
So see you.
(PERSON2) Bye.
(PERSON4) So, if I am sharing my screen, just a minute.
 I think can you see my screen?
(PERSON2) Yes.
(PERSON4) So, actually, this is the format of dictionary that is used by the ASR. 
And, the, so first one is the word.
And the next is the pronunciation of the word and – 
(PERSON2) And –
This, this (curly) brackets, wha–
(PERSON4) I actually do not know why is this here.
But there are the (curly) brackets around the pronunciation and be (curly) brackets around first and the last phoneme WB in there.
(PERSON2) And, and that some special mark, or, or –
(PERSON4) Which one?
(PERSON2) The WB.
(PERSON4) Yes, this is, this is, I don't know.
Probably the, the requirement of the two kit.
So it is WB for all the words.
(PERSON2) Okay, okay.
(PERSON4) It is the right before starting and ending phoneme.
And even if – this is not there, I think it is not a big issue for me to append.
But the problem is, so this is the, CMU dictionary.
And it is actually, is in at public format.
So I think you can find that, over, on Wikipedia, as well.
By this alphabet.
(PERSON2) Yeah.
So it appeared to two, two letter.
<unintelligible/> is also available on there.
And I – there is a – I under–
They found a package of our language, which, which automatically converts the IP to alphabet the other way around.
So that can be converted easily but the problem is, that, there a– phonemes, there are some IP formats that are not in alphabet.
Just let–
This –
I couldn't –
(PERSON2) Okay.
(PERSON4) That wasn't converted by s–
This is the email window.
And so, there was - were some phonemes that were not converted into the alphabet phonemes. 
And, so, I am afraid that when I will be processing this list of graph–
List of graphemes to phonemes, so probably there will be some issues regarding the, such phonemes.
So if –
I can share the other package with you, if, if you are familiar with that.
It is very easy to use.
Various manual is also available for that package, so –
You can use that package as well. 
Or in any way, if you would convert these – this IPA a into alphabet phonemes that would be great for me.
Is it possible?
(PERSON2) I can, take a look, at the –
Well, I have a – 
Send you some link once.
But I'm not sure where it was.
Was it done –
It was on (Skype), I guess. 
I found some dictionary.
(PERSON4) Is it –
But I think –
(PERSON2) CMU to IPI and –
Well, this strange A, you mentioned.
Can you copy the, the, the letter to chat please?
(PERSON4)  And just let me –
(PERSON2) There it is.
(PERSON4) There was another, as well, but I –
I don't remember with one it was exactly.
(PERSON4) Se– send another one.
(PERSON2) It seems that, there is no –
Well, maybe we could replace this phoneme with some other one.
Because actually, we want t, we want to – produce some a– variable pronunciation. 
So actually, actually.
It's okay if we substitute, substitute it.
I don't know how to copy this, but, if–
There is some nice chart in, in Wikipedia, that shows you the nearest, nearest phonemes to this one. 
And the nearest one are, for example. you did – the link.
These two or this one.
These three, so we can, just, so we can just, copy.
We can just substitute each word with this phoneme.
With two other words, with both, or, or three other versions of that word with using these three, this three phonemes?
(PERSON4) Can you share the link of Wikipedia please?
Because I think there may be some further phonemes problems.
So you with that I would be okay.
(PERSON2) If you go to the vowels paragraph, then there is some mapping or some map of how, which phonemes are actually near, and which are more, far apart.
(PERSON4) Are you talking about this chart?
(PERSON2) Can you open it in your window, because I'm still seeing your (common line).
Yeah, yeah, this one.
Yeah.
(PERSON4) I don't know the pronunciation of any of this.
(PERSON2) Sorry?
(PERSON4) I don't know the pronunciation of any of these vowels.
So are they actually near when they are spoken, or?
(PERSON2) I, I guess that they are so –
If – no – just open them.
There should be some –
There should be some examples.
For example, for the open-mid, the central open-mid, the first, first IPA phoneme.
If if you click on it, then, for example, it's not bird like bird.
Like the flying, flying animal, a bird.
And there's this example.
And if we go for, for, for the letter, we do not have in in CMU.
And there is an example like a nut, nut, bird, nut.
Or –
(PERSON4) That's right, <unintelligible/>
I will see it then –
(PERSON2) Or maybe –
And it's in which word in our dictionary?
It is in –
Where it is?
I am blind.
Where did you find this?
This rotated A.
(PERSON4) I think –
It is IPM, it is m.
I think the better example is this third E in Watson.
(PERSON2) I do not see it there.
(PERSON4) It's, it's –
(PERSON2) It's the E.
(PERSON4) Yes, it is a Watson, son and som here.
Well, I guess that's quite near.
M and en, what son.
Maybe, I'm well somehow, if you pronounce it and pronounce it incorrectly.
Well, Sorry, sure I need to go, because I have another meeting.
And I. I need to prepare myself.
So  please, please.
Um, let us have a call tomorrow, have, have –
Are you free, free tomorrow?
I'm.
For example, let's say, Where is my calendar?
(PERSON4) I think probably it will be difficult to have a call tomorrow.
I will let you know an email or Slack, because tomorrow I am off for Friday prayer on Friday for 10 to 12.
And then we have a test run with [PERSON8] that we were discussing.
(PERSON2) Okay, yeah, sure.
(PERSON4) I think it will be difficult tomorrow.
(PERSON2) Let's just –
Please just a write me what do you need from me, if you need from me to, to remap my dictionary to CMU, well, I can definitely do that.
So is it what you need?
(PERSON4)  Yes, if, if that can be done, it would be very great. 
Because I can do that, but I'm <unintelligible/> too many adaptation models.
And so if you have time and you are not too busy.
So, if you have time and you are not too busy, it would be great if you can do it.
(PERSON2) Well, okay, I can do that.
(PERSON4) If you could just convert this list into the CMU phonemes.
So that, that would be IPA rather than (IP).
There will be the phonemes of alphabet.
(PERSON2) Sorry, once again, please?
(PERSON4) I'm saying that if you could just change these IPS to the alphabet phonemes, that would be great.
(PERSON2) To the <unintelligible/>, you mean?
(PERSON4) Yeah.
(PERSON2) Yeah, sure. 
Sure thing, okay.
I will, will be in touch with you, probably tomorrow.
Bye.
(PERSON4) Thank you, bye.
[PERSON11], can I just end  the meeting?
