PERSON2 is discussing the status of the delbls, the report on integration, and the payment for the payment. He also discusses the PROJECT2 test set, which is the critical component in the evaluation and how the dataset is described in the D one point five table. PERSON17 is waiting for the results of the PROJECT5 session and the PROJECT4 session. PERSON15 is waiting to confirm if the contribution table for the mediator is available, and PERSON8 is asking if he can make a contribution.
PERSON2 and PERSON18 are discussing the status of the ASR system and the training of the models for the other languages. They have English and German to German, English, French, Italian, and Spanish, with plans to have five to five by the end of the year. The model is integrated with the mediator, but it is not yet ready to be deployed. PERSON17 will ask PERSON17 or PERSON16 to get in touch with PERSON2 to synchronize the training and run the models. PERSON16 will evaluate the models before starting to train them, and he will also evaluate your models. The models are PROJECT3-based, but PERSON2 does not know if the ORGANIZATION3 model is finished or not.
PERSON2 and PERSON18 discuss the progress of the Improved ASR systems and the improved models from ORGANIZATION3. They also discuss the upcoming sessions and the upcoming competitions that PERSON1 has entered. They discuss the improvement of the machine translation system, the improved spoke language translation prototype, and the updated text client. They mention that PERSON18 has pushed a fix to the text client that allows it to run in real time mode to push text updates, but the workers are not designed to do better processing. PERSON1 also mentions that the students have entered a competition, but he is unsure if they will be able to use the headset.

PERSON4 and PERSON2 discuss the possibility of using a rainbow model to provide concurrent events for PROJECT2. They decide to plan a mid-PERSON4uary Technical call with PERSON5, PERSON2, PERSON4, PERSON18, PERSON9, and PERSON15 to discuss the status of the project. They also discuss the complication of multi-source and multi-target systems and how the architecture has to be flexible to allow these, but not too flexible.
PERSON4 and PERSON2 discuss the possibility of using cloud computing to run ASR models on their own hardware. They agree that the easiest route would be to have servers hardware on their premises that can run dockerized packages and use their own GPU. They also discuss the complexity of the project and the need for PERSON7 to be aware of the pipeline for the project. They decide to test the dockerized systems on paid hardware as a fallback solution for hardware issues.
PERSON4 and PERSON2 are discussing the evaluation of simultaneous SLT. They discuss the possibility of using the ORGANIZATION1 speech interpretation corpus, Esic, to compare the minimal translation units that the interpreters in the consortium produce with the by-dual translation units. They also discuss the need to collaborate more with the consortium, and PERSON2 suggests planning a paper with a particle experiment.
PERSON18, PERSON2, PERSON4, PERSON12, and PERSON9 are discussing their New Year's resolution. PERSON2 will set up a doodle poll to find a regular slot for weekly calls and they will create a subteam to do experiments and write papers. PERSON12 is going to compile the first betaversion of the corpus and pass it to PERSON16, who will pass it on to PERSON4 and PERSON18. They have a complete five to five pipeline, including ASR for German, English, French, Spanish and Italian, and MT models for English, Portuguese, Dutch, Croatian, Slovenian, Polish, and Turkish. PERSON9 asks if they should consider using a strong MT model 1:02:24. PERSON2 agrees and they all say goodbye.
